the world is changing which gives
exciting opportunities if we can look
afresh at what we have and unlock the
potential that surrounds us
teal green is a balanced versatile shade
which combines the natural harmony of
green with the tranquility of blue
this useable color is a firm favorite in
the world of design
you
it is no longer the people who shout the
loudest who are heard power is moving to
the introvert and design is becoming
more understated and thoughtful
introverted designs celebrates
simplicity and innovation to create
beautiful forms and spaces that don't
have to show off but meet our changing
needs in other more subtle ways
you
there is an increasing trend to analyze
our lives and measure all aspects of
them in a world of ambiguity and gray
areas there is something comforting
about the reliability and definitive
nature of mathematics and science which
gives the mature and measured approach
to design
you
reconnecting with our roots reminds us
where we have come from contemporary
interpretation of traditional folk art
provides a sense of warmth and community
captured in simple design and rich
colors
you
this fascinating trend explores the
magic of the garden at dusk with
diffused colors creating a softness and
sense of mystery delicate blurred
florals and subtle smoky tones captured
the barely there
you
it's time to stop thinking and start
doing this trend has energy and
exuberance it's about creating for the
fun of it I use it in pocket design and
dramatic
stapler to get noticed classic contrast
or combine and blend there's something
here for everyone
you